Project Details
This project is connected to the Data Wrangling course. 
Step One - Complete Programming Exercises
Make sure all programming exercises are solved correctly in the "Case Study: OpenStreetMap Data" Lesson in the course you have chosen (MongoDB or SQL). This is the last lesson in that section.
Step Two - Review the Rubric and Sample Project
The Project Rubric. will be used to evaluate your project. It will need to Meet Specifications for all the criteria listed. 
Step Three - Choose Your Map Area
Choose any area of the world from https://www.openstreetmap.org, and download a XML OSM dataset. The dataset should be at least 50MB in size (uncompressed). We recommend using one of following methods of downloading a dataset:
Download a preselected metro area from Map Zen.
Use the Overpass API to download a custom square area. Explanation of the syntax can found in the wiki. In general you will want to use the following query:(node(minimum_latitude, minimum_longitude, maximum_latitude, maximum_longitude);<;);out meta; e.g. (node(51.249,7.148,51.251,7.152);<;);out meta; the meta option is included so the elements contain timestamp and user information. You can use the Open Street Map Export Tool to find the coordinates of your bounding box. Note: You will not be able to use the Export Tool to actually download the data, the area required for this project is too large.
Step Four - Process your Dataset
It is recommended that you start with the problem sets in your chosen course and modify them to suit your chosen data set. As you unravel the data, take note of problems encountered along the way as well as issues with the dataset. You are going to need these when you write your project report.
Hint: You may want to start out by looking at a smaller sample of your region first when auditing it to make it easier to iterate on your investigation. 
Thoroughly audit and clean your dataset, converting it from XML to JSON format. Then import the cleaned .json file into a MongoDB database.
Step Five - Explore your Database
After building your local database you’ll explore your data by running queries. Make sure to document these queries and their results in the submission document described below. See the Project Rubric for more information about query expectations.
Step Six - Document your Work
Create a document (pdf, html) that directly addresses the following sections from the Project Rubric.
Problems encountered in your map
Overview of the Data
Other ideas about the datasets
Try to include snippets of code and problematic tags and visualizations in your report if they are applicable.
